发布到小游戏平台、华为、支付宝 (#1873)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/publish/publish-huawei-agc.md

> Cocos Creator supports creating games for HUAWEI AppGallery Connect, which helps developers access the HUAWEI AppGallery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cocos Creator supports publishing games to HUAWEI AppGallery Connect, which helps developers access to HUAWEI AppGallery.
```

## Preparation

- Login to the [AppGallery Connect](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/service/josp/agc/index.html), it is necessary to complete the [Developer Registration](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/start/10104) before [creating an app](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/distribution/app/agc-create_app). When creating an app, select **APK** for the **Package type**.

  ![](./publish-huawei-agc/app-info.png)

> - Access the required HUAWEI AppGallery Connect related services via the Cocos Service panel. Currently the SDK only supports the Android platform, please refer to the [HUAWEI HMS Core](../cocos-service/sdkhub-plugins/sdkhub-hms.md) documentation for the detailed operation steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access the required HUAWEI AppGallery Connect related services via the Cocos Service panel. Currently the SDK only supports the Android platform, please refer to the [HUAWEI HMS Core](https://service.cocos.com/document/en/sdkhub-plugins/sdkhub-hms.html) documentation for the detailed operation steps.
```

## Publishing Process

Use Cocos Creator to open the project that needs to be published. Open the **Build** panel from the **Menu bar -> Project**, select **HUAWEI AppGallery Connect** in the **Platform** dropdown of the **Build** panel.

![agc-build](./publish-huawei-agc/agc-builder.png)

For the settings of the general options, please refer to the [Build Options](build-options.md) documentation.

> - **agconnect-services Config**: Used to configure Huawei parameter file `agconnect-services.json`. Please refer to the [Configs HUAWEI Parameter File](https://service.cocos.com/document/en/sdkhub-plugins/sdkhub-hms.html#configs-huawei-config-file) for the specific configuration method.

Reviewer: 我记得 Used 是要小写的，还有下面那个也是。然后 sdkhub.png 这张图的缩进也不对

#### 1. Upload by the Build panel

Creator supports uploading the APK generated by building and compiling directly to the AppGallery Connect backend. <br>
Click the **Upload** button in the bottom right of the **Build Task** panel to open the **Upload** panel, then fill in the relevant information.

![agc-upload-panel](./publish-huawei-agc/agc-upload-panel.png)

> - APP ID: Fill in the APP ID for your app. Login to the AppGallery Connect and click **My apps -> App information** to get the APP ID.

Reviewer: 1. Fill 我记得是小写的吧，包括下面那几项
2. 下面【权限】那两篇文档包括中文的都打不开，麻烦第一个 permissions 替换成：https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/development/AppGallery-connect-Guides/agcapi-getstarted-0000001111845114#section797720532313

    第二个 role permission 替换成：https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/distribution/app/agc-help-rolepermission-0000001155345429

    中文也更新一下中文版的链接

    ![apk-list](./publish-huawei-agc/apk-list.png)

> 2. For other configuration information, please refer to the [Releasing an App](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/distribution/app/agc-release_app) documentation. After you have completed and confirmed all the information is in order, you can directly click the **Submit** button at the top right of the page. HUAWEI AppGallery will complete the review in 3~5 working days.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. For other configuration information, please refer to the [Releasing an App](https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/doc/distribution/app/agc-release_app) documentation. After completing and confirming all of the information is in order, click the **Submit** button at the top right of the page. HUAWEI AppGallery will complete the review in 3~5 working days.
```
